
# AsyncIDResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ct** | **String** | The content type. |  [optional]
**error** | **String** | An optional error message describing the error. Please refer to status listing above.  |  [optional]
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the asynchronous response. |  [optional]
**maxAge** | **String** | Determines how long this value stays valid in the cache, in seconds. 0 means that the value is not stored in the cache. |  [optional]
**payload** | **String** | Requested data, base64 encoded. |  [optional]
**status** | **Integer** |  States whether sending a command to the device succeeded or failed.  &lt;table&gt;   &lt;thead&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;th&gt;Code&lt;/th&gt;       &lt;th&gt;Description&lt;/th&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;   &lt;/thead&gt;   &lt;tbody&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;200&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;Operation succeeded. The payload contains result of the operation from the device.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;400&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;The device rejected the request, possibly because it does not support the request method.       See how the supported methods are       [configured for the device resources](https://developer.pelion.com/docs/device-management/current/resources/index.html).&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;404&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;The device replied that it does not have the requested resource.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;412&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;Precondition failed and the operation was not executed. The device responded with 4.12 CoAP       response code. The device may reject a subscription request with this response code.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;413&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;Request entity is too large and could not be delivered to the device.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;415&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;The device does not support the media type in the request.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;429&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;An expired request was removed from queue (REQUEST_EXPIRED),       the device requested deregistration (DEVICE_REMOVED_REGISTRATION),       or the device was suspended (DEVICE_BLOCKED). The request was never delivered to the device.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;502&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;The request to the device failed and the retry count was exceeded.       The last retry failed to establish TCP or TLS connection to the device.&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;503&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;The request to the device failed and the retry count was exceeded.       The last retry failed because the device is currently unavailable (NOT_CONNECTED).&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;       &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;504&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;       &lt;td&gt;The request to the device failed and the retry count was exceeded.       The last retry failed because the device did not respond in time according to the protocol-specific       retransmission logic (TIMEOUT).&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;   &lt;/tbody&gt; &lt;/table&gt;  |  [optional]



